The President:
On Friday, I traveled to Ft.
Stewart in Georgia to meet with
soldiers from the Third
Infantry Division.
These men and women have fought
with bravery and honor in some
of the most dangerous
places on the planet.
Some of them didn't
make it back.
But those who did are now
fighting a different kind of
battle here at home.
They're looking for new
jobs, new opportunities,
and new ways to serve.
For many, that means
going back to school --
and America has a long tradition
of making sure our veterans and
our men and women in uniform
can afford to do that.
After World War II, we helped
a generation of Americans --
including my grandfather -- to
go to school on the GI Bill.
Now, thanks to the 9/11 GI
Bill and the Tuition Assistance
program, last year we supported
more than half a million
veterans and over 300,000
service members who are pursuing
a higher education degree.
That's progress.
But it's not enough to just help
our veterans and service members
afford school -- we need to make
sure they have all the tools
they need to make an informed
decision when it comes to
picking the right program.
The sad truth is that there are
people out there who are less
interested in helping our men
and women in uniform getting
ahead and more interested
in making a buck.
They bombard potential students
with emails and pressure them
into making a quick decision.
Some of them steer recruits
towards high-interest loans and
mislead them about
credit transfers and job
placement programs.
One of the worst examples was a
college recruiter who visited a
Marine barracks and enrolled
Marines with brain injuries so
severe that some of them
couldn't recall what courses the
recruiter had
signed them up for.
That's appalling.
It's disgraceful.
And even though the vast
majority of schools do the right
thing, we need to guard against
the bad actors who don't.
That's why, on Friday, I signed
an Executive Order making life a
whole lot more secure
for our service members,
veterans and their families
-- and a whole lot tougher for
anyone who tries
to prey on them.
We're making sure veterans and
service members get a simple
fact sheet called "Know Before
You Owe" that lays out all the
information they need about
financial aid and paying
for college.
We're requiring schools to offer
counseling to help students
finish their degree even if
they have to move or deploy.
And we're stepping up our
efforts to fight dishonest
recruiters by strengthening the
rules about who can come on base
and make it easier
to file complaints.
When our men and women
in uniform succeed,
our country succeeds.
They have our backs -- now
it's our turn to have theirs.
And as long as I'm President,
I'm going to make sure that
anyone who serves this
country gets every opportunity
they deserve.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.